# CS-350 Emerging Sys Arch & Tech

The goal of this project was to create a prototype for embedded system of a thermostat. This a thermostat that sends data to SysTec’s server software over Wi-Fi. This system would have two buttons to turn the temperature up and down and there was an LED that would turn on when the heat was on. The parts of this project that I think I did well were setting up all of the driver and libraries that I would need to accomplish this project. I had to use the I2C, UART, and GPIO to get the project done. I think there are several things that I could have improved on. I struggled to get the code to work as well as I wanted. I needed to work more on understanding the logic that I needed to implement. I could have looked at the header files more and tried to figure out on how I could do a better job on this project. I also needed to have a better understanding on how to implement the task scheduler for the thermostat. I learned about several tools that I could use in the future. I got used to reading different header files to find what functions I could use in my code. I also used the technical manual for the TI board to look up different concepts and have a better understand of what I needed to do to get it to work. The skills that I could take from this project are perseverance. I had a hard time with the coding, but I continued and put many hours into it and did the best that I could. I also got more practice reading technical documentation and finding what I needed to accomplish specific tasks. To make this project maintainable, readable, and adaptable, I tried to have good documentation and spacing in my code so it is easier to read, and someone can go through it and make adjustments. To make this project readable, I would use descriptive variable names, so they are readable and adaptable. Making code modular is also a good way to make it maintainable over time it is easier for other developers to read.
